Update Pay, pension and benefits page “pension” (#1171)
dxw/playbook: src/staff-handbook/pay-pension-and-benefits/pension.md

related_order: 2
last_reviewed_at: ""
---

> dxw provides a Pension Salary Exchange (PSE) scheme which is operated by Aviva. In a PSE scheme, contributions are deducted from your gross salary, resulting in a saving on tax and National Insurance Contributions (NICs). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dxw provides a pension salary exchange (PSE) scheme which is operated by Aviva. In a PSE scheme, contributions are deducted from your gross salary, resulting in a saving on tax and National Insurance contributions (NICs). 
```

Author: need to be capitals - reviewed and agreed by Pauline

Reviewer: Both "Pension Salary Exchange" and "National Insurance Contributions"? gov.uk use "National Insurance contributions" [here](https://www.gov.uk/national-insurance) and [here](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/salary-sacrifice-and-the-effects-on-paye)

Neither of these are really proper nouns, so typically they wouldn't be capitalised, but it's a minor thing!

Author: in the FAQs document we shared that was supplied by our accountants [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10Dl3CbXKJEgb6edFv78fNmFE8yXX8_1yaxfRek1KlsY/edit?usp=sharing), the same way it is here [https://obr.uk/forecasts-in-depth/tax-by-tax-spend-by-spend/national-insurance-contributions-nics/](url). 
As it's in relation to the abbreviation straight after, it's capitalised. Neither of the examples above have the abbreviation following

Reviewer: From the second example: "we forecast National Insurance contributions (NICs)". It's only capitalised in the heading, because headings are dependent on style

> dxw provides a Pension Salary Exchange (PSE) scheme which is operated by Aviva. In a PSE scheme, contributions are deducted from your gross salary, resulting in a saving on tax and National Insurance Contributions (NICs). 

Reviewer: "resulting in a saving on tax and National Insurance Contributions (NICs)." - is it worth clarifying who is making a saving here: staff, or both dxw and staff? (It could be read as just a dxw saving, which makes it less appealing to prospective staff!)

Author: it's discussed during the onboarding process as well and the sentence is worded in relation to a deduction from 'your gross salary'.
We have other supporting documents that go into more detail

> In a PSE scheme, dxw will pay all pension contributions into your pension scheme, meaning a higher amount of employer contributions. The increase in employer contributions is then offset by an equivalent reduction in gross salary. dxw takes the salary you have exchanged and pays that straight into your pension fund.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the PSE scheme, dxw pays all pension contributions into your pension scheme, meaning a higher amount of employer contributions. The increase in employer contributions is then offset by an equivalent reduction in gross salary. dxw takes the salary you have exchanged and pays that straight into your pension fund.
```

Reviewer: Okay - this is just making the tense consistent within the paragraph (c.f. "is then offset" not "will then be offset" and "dxw takes" not "dxw will take"), but it's a minor thing

> Once you have passed your 3 month check in, you will be auto-enrolled into the scheme and the People team will be in touch with some more details and the option to set your contribution %.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have passed your 3 month check in, you will be auto-enrolled into the scheme. The People team will be in touch with more details and the option to set your contribution percentage.
```

Not sure, but the word "percentage" might be better for screen readers than the symbol

Author: this is unchanged from the the previous playbook content

Reviewer: It's currently "percentage": https://github.com/dxw/playbook/blob/main/src/staff-handbook/pay-pension-and-benefits/pension.md?plain=1#L9
